===== PPSS Item Log File =====
Host:		guilherme-ThinkCentre-M92p
Process:	31203
Item:		features_4_train.txt
Start date:	Abr 18 11:46:46

alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 14 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 51 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 114 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 96 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 88 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 128 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 115 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 58 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 64 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 120 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 33 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 8 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 60 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 138 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 108 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 112 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 41 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 44 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 17 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 47 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 139 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 148 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 49 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 30 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 116 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 54 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 78 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 74 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 125 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 95 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 113 into alac_features_4_train.txt
instance 115 already inserted... terminating
total of 31 instances inserted into training set

Status:		SUCCESS

