===== PPSS Item Log File =====
Host:		guilherme-ThinkCentre-M92p
Process:	23105
Item:		features_5_train.txt
Start date:	Abr 18 10:50:06

alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1316 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 756 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 788 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1365 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 837 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 686 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 832 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1496 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1414 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 442 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1287 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 542 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1159 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 212 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1182 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 779 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 800 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1278 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 971 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1132 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 732 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1169 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1447 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1020 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 278 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 691 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1029 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 441 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1017 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 287 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1211 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1006 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 767 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 363 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 350 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1243 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 991 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1248 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1400 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 395 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1237 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 377 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1291 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1117 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 181 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 880 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 231 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 936 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 584 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 833 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 97 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1428 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1379 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1466 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 884 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 272 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 805 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1097 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 796 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1302 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1084 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 72 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 118 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 149 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 941 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 364 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 26 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 105 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1276 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 798 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1279 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 799 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 334 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1385 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 122 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1499 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1033 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 844 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 773 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 397 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 761 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1246 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 417 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1422 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1384 into alac_features_5_train.txt
instance 1084 already inserted... terminating
total of 85 instances inserted into training set

Status:		SUCCESS

