===== PPSS Item Log File =====
Host:		guilherme-ThinkCentre-M92p
Process:	15695
Item:		features_1_train.txt
Start date:	Abr 18 11:56:14

alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 11 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 82 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 40 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 66 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 59 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 110 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 141 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 132 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 100 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 130 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 51 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 96 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 83 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 144 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 149 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 55 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 102 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 48 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 89 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 99 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 135 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 148 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 92 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 64 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 49 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 73 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 128 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 95 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 105 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 111 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 93 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 127 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 126 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 122 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 61 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 129 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 53 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 113 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 87 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 117 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 133 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 91 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 76 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 58 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 54 into alac_features_1_train.txt
instance 54 already inserted... terminating
total of 45 instances inserted into training set

Status:		SUCCESS

