===== PPSS Item Log File =====
Host:		guilherme-ThinkCentre-M92p
Process:	15695
Item:		features_4_train.txt
Start date:	Abr 18 11:56:14

alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 1 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 80 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 51 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 128 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 4 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 96 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 108 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 89 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 93 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 148 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 45 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 41 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 87 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 40 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 58 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 137 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 107 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 142 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 144 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 66 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 71 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 145 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 103 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 74 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 8 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 83 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 115 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 48 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 112 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 92 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 86 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 116 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 54 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 111 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 17 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 113 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 130 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 57 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 88 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 49 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 61 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 79 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 127 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 67 into alac_features_4_train.txt
inserting instance 95 into alac_features_4_train.txt
instance 113 already inserted... terminating
total of 45 instances inserted into training set

Status:		SUCCESS

