===== PPSS Item Log File =====
Host:		guilherme-ThinkCentre-M92p
Process:	11350
Item:		features_1_train.txt
Start date:	Abr 18 10:47:56

alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1454 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 782 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1288 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1074 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 881 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 128 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 239 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 387 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1140 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 713 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 477 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 586 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1082 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 795 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 286 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 439 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1083 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1242 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 327 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 382 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 333 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1179 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 888 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 756 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1058 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1428 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 137 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 247 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 518 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 884 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 380 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 178 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1197 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1291 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 732 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1423 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1006 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 736 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 867 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 43 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 378 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1048 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 12 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 150 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 318 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1008 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1250 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1016 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 389 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 632 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 23 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1025 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 232 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 862 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1319 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 250 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 441 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 667 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1287 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 100 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 618 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1089 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 243 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 368 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1283 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 25 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 718 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1010 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1077 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 567 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1230 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 191 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 521 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 891 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 391 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1259 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1252 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 714 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 673 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 125 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 900 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 823 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 906 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1134 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 346 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 786 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 444 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1002 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 313 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 1450 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 643 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 733 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 971 into alac_features_1_train.txt
inserting instance 154 into alac_features_1_train.txt
instance 733 already inserted... terminating
total of 94 instances inserted into training set

Status:		SUCCESS

