===== PPSS Item Log File =====
Host:		guilherme-ThinkCentre-M92p
Process:	11350
Item:		features_3_train.txt
Start date:	Abr 18 10:47:57

alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1253 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 482 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1444 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1082 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 391 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 988 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 80 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 890 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 406 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 784 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 316 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 683 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 732 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1423 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 721 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 132 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1427 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 899 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 126 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1490 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1242 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 627 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 277 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1289 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 480 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 89 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 648 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 190 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 692 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 150 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 159 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 285 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1178 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1087 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 477 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 248 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 756 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1450 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 382 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1192 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 332 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 411 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 966 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 485 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1287 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 250 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 433 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 837 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 991 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 832 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 882 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 665 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 437 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1074 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1130 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1480 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 492 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 335 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 96 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 894 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 693 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1399 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1113 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 779 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 628 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 330 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 450 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 974 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1485 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1157 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 232 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1429 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 394 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1163 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 920 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 657 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 154 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1326 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 200 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 718 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 698 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1479 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 787 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1288 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 488 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1121 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 224 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1478 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1034 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 631 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1071 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1217 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1388 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1084 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1212 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1185 into alac_features_3_train.txt
inserting instance 1076 into alac_features_3_train.txt
instance 482 already inserted... terminating
total of 97 instances inserted into training set

Status:		SUCCESS

