===== PPSS Item Log File =====
Host:		guilherme-ThinkCentre-M92p
Process:	11350
Item:		features_2_train.txt
Start date:	Abr 18 10:47:56

alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1475 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 732 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 201 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1084 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1085 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1259 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1345 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 837 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 372 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 68 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 444 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 677 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 231 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1430 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1082 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 244 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 406 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 287 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 540 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1427 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 736 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 782 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 378 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 184 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 628 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1077 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1444 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 5 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 971 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 991 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1067 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1276 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1266 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1478 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1048 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 833 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1448 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 807 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 426 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1117 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 701 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 756 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 25 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 866 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 872 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 178 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1243 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 42 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 615 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1029 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1178 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 624 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 235 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 232 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 463 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1130 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 45 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 708 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 87 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 80 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 216 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1017 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 277 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1278 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1018 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 936 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1282 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 806 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1211 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 23 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 286 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 531 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 696 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 843 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1099 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1326 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 219 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 477 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 823 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 832 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 522 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 691 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 362 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 685 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1392 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 648 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 116 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 49 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 713 into alac_features_2_train.txt
instance 713 already inserted... terminating
total of 89 instances inserted into training set

Status:		SUCCESS

