===== PPSS Item Log File =====
Host:		guilherme-ThinkCentre-M92p
Process:	32051
Item:		features_2_train.txt
Start date:	Abr 18 10:46:02

alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1462 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 398 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 198 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1399 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1335 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 26 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1282 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 427 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1390 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 232 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 748 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 985 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 543 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1232 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 444 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 278 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 944 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 563 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 140 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 991 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1119 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 298 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 633 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 116 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 513 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 937 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 477 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 628 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 764 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1412 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 40 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 505 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1392 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1192 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1145 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 284 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 275 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 835 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 597 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 214 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 185 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1386 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 478 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 412 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 975 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 230 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 413 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 790 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 382 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 448 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1035 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1236 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 932 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 626 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 743 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1048 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1140 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 878 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1465 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 5 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1017 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 178 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 883 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 390 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 882 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 659 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 287 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 463 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 369 into alac_features_2_train.txt
inserting instance 1456 into alac_features_2_train.txt
instance 1192 already inserted... terminating
total of 70 instances inserted into training set

Status:		SUCCESS

