===== PPSS Item Log File =====
Host:		guilherme-ThinkCentre-M92p
Process:	32051
Item:		features_5_train.txt
Start date:	Abr 18 10:46:02

alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1500 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 146 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 40 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 600 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 684 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 744 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1256 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 866 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1307 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 594 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1232 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 814 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 278 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 15 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 536 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1088 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 68 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 918 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 330 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1378 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1496 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1027 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 178 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 180 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1282 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 352 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 537 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 883 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 43 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 692 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 676 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 731 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1337 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 145 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 420 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 241 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 568 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 649 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 63 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1300 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1185 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1037 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1186 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1044 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1345 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 316 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 916 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 116 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 993 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 739 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1478 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 997 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 294 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 288 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1380 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 419 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1262 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1126 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1331 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 331 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 654 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 444 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 128 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 977 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 100 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1228 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 847 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1332 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 205 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1436 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1030 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 616 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1274 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 786 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 48 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1267 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1191 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 747 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 682 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 436 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1241 into alac_features_5_train.txt
inserting instance 1344 into alac_features_5_train.txt
instance 616 already inserted... terminating
total of 82 instances inserted into training set

Status:		SUCCESS

